.\" -----------------------------------------------------------------
.\" * set default formatting
.\" -----------------------------------------------------------------
.\" disable hyphenation
.nh
.\" disable justification (adjust text to left margin only)
.ad l
.\" -----------------------------------------------------------------
.\" * MAIN CONTENT STARTS HERE *
.\" -----------------------------------------------------------------

.TH GIT-GERRIT-REFS 1 2020-01-15 "git-gerrit-refs alpha" git\ gerrit-refs\ manual
.SH NAME
git-gerrit-refs \- Update gerrit refspecs
.SH SYNOPSIS

.nf
\fBgit-gerrit-refs\fR [\fIOPTION ...\fR] \fBaddref\fR [\fB\-t\fR | \fB\-\-trace\fR] [\fB\-p\fR | \fB\-\-prune\fR]
                                    [\fI<queryop> ...\fR]
\fBgit-gerrit-refs\fR [\fIOPTION ...\fR] \fBrmrefs\fR [\fB\-t\fR | \fB\-\-trace\fR]
\fBgit-gerrit-refs\fR [\fIOPTION ...\fR] \fBrmdups\fR [\fB\-t\fR | \fB\-\-trace\fR]
\fBgit-gerrit-refs\fR [\fIOPTION ...\fR] \fBquery\fR [\fB\-\-format=<JSON|TEXT>\fR] [\fI<queryop> ...\fR]
.fi

.SH DESCRIPTION
Queries gerrit for changesets and adds refspecs accordingly.
.SH OPTIONS
Mandatory arguments to long options are mandatory for short options too.
.TP 4
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Display this help and exit.
.TP 4
.BR \-p ", " \-\-project = \fIPROJECT\fR
Use PROJECT in the query instead of the current repo.
.SH COMMANDS
Several commands are available to manipulate the gerrit refpecs.
.TP 4
.B addref
Adds refspecs to remote.origin.fetch (see \fBgit-fetch\fR(1)) for all
gerrit reviews matching the \fBquery operators\fR.  The query
operators are described in the \fBQUERIES\fR section.  For each
matching review a refspec
\+refs/changes/XX/YYYXX/latest:refs/remotes/origin/changes/YYYXX is
added to remote.origin.fetch, unless that refspec is already in
remote.origin.fetch.
.RS 4
.LP
With \fB\-\-prune\fR option, removes all gerrit refspecs that are not
returned by the query.
This can be used to keep refspecs to open reviews up to date.
.LP
With \fB\-\-trace\fR option, print all git-config calls to stdout.
.RE
.TP 4
.B rmrefs
Removes all gerrit refspecs from remote.origin.fetch
.RS 4
.LP
With \fB\-\-trace\fR option, print all git-config calls to stdout.
.RE
.TP 4
.B rmdups
Removes all - not only gerrit - duplicate refspecs from
remote.origin.fetch.
.RS 4
.LP
With \fB\-\-trace\fR option, print all git-config calls to stdout.
.RE
.TP 4
.B query
Search for gerrit changes matching the specified query operators.  The
output is in the gerrit qeuery text format unless the \fB\-\-format\fR
is used.
.RS 4
.LP
Use \fB\-\-format\fR to specify the output format.
.TP 2
.B TEXT
Output human readable text for each matched gerrit change.
.TP 2
.B JSON
List gerrit changes as one JSON object per line.
.RE
.SH QUERIES
Commands that use queries use the standard gerrit search string as described in
.UR https://gerrit-documentation.storage.googleapis.com/Documentation/3.1.2/user-search.html
'Gerrit Code Review - Searching Changes'
.UE .
All commands include the \fBproject:\fR operator set to the current
project.
Use the \fB\-\-project\fR option to set another project.
.PP
Commands that use queries use the standard gerrit search string as described in
.URL https://gerrit-documentation.storage.googleapis.com/Documentation/3.1.2/user-search.html "'Gerrit Code Review - Searching Changes'" .
All commands include the \fBproject:\fR operator set to the current
project.
Use the \fB\-\-project\fR option to set another project.
.SH EXAMPLES
.IP \(bu 4
Add refspecs for all open reviews owned by the user.
Each time the command is called any closed chenges are pruned.
.sp
.EX
git gerrit-refs add --prune owner:self status:open
.EE
.IP \(bu 4
List gerrit changes in the current project with hashtag #bug-123.
.sp
.EX
git gerrit-refs query hashtag:bug-123
.EE
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR git-config "(1) " git-fetch "(1) " gitglossary (7)
